DAY 1 (27 FEB)
They sat by the fire, soaking up the generous heat, tearing into the roasted meat as the night grew colder and colder. A silence instilled upon the gathering, one could only hear the night sounds. Everyone seemed to be lost in one of their memory lanes while John pondered over his past, his present and his future. He realized that he lived his life way too cautiously, trying to please anyone and everyone. There was hardly anything he did for himself, except dreaming about the future and worrying that he might not be able to achieve it. He had long been hoping for change but life got in his way. This camping was a small retreat from his otherwise packed, monotonous life and he decided to make a change, for real this time. While everyone was still lost in their thoughts, John decided to get up and take a walk down the nightly forest. Some of the members noticed but none of them cared to ask out. They thought he was going out for a pee. Jack, who was a little closer to John, intiallly thought of asking out but then he reclined. He knew John was introvert and tended to do strange things. So he just sat back and watched his fading figure get lost in the darkness of the forest.

The phone battery showed an assuring 75% charge which was enough to last 3 hours if he only used the flashlight. The nearest highway was about 20 miles from the camp. It was possible to reach it even during the night beacause the forest had a wahsed up track that led directly to the highway. John stood on this track, determined for change, making sure he doesn’t look back again. He always wanted to get away, far away from all his hollow friends, his pretentious family members and the eavesdropping neighbours. One thing he musn’t forget to do once he reaches the nearest civilization, is write a letter to everyone close to him revealing them his intentions before they lodge a lost report against him. After having decided his immediate goal, John set out for the unexpected. 

When John didn’t return in the next 25 minutes, the tension among the camp members became visible. One of them lamented that it was a bad idea to bring in this guy while the rest of them agreed upon it. One or two of the members who still had some humanity left tried calming the others and working out a plan. They tried reaching his phone but to no avail. Jack suggested they go out and look for him assuming he is caught somewhere and needs their help. To wander out into a dense forest in the middle of a night wasn’t inviting to anyone, none of them thought John to be a very close friend to take such a risk. Barry pointed out, ‘If he needs our help why don’t we hear his shouting. It has already been mentioned to all the camp members not to go out too far’. One of them even suggested they return back to their respective tents and sleep the night out hoping John to be present outside their tents in the morning.
The only reason John was invited to the trip was because he worked with them and had one day dropped into a conversation relating to the trip. They had no other option but to invite him.

The walk wasn’t the one he imagined. There was nothing to see around, complete darkness, right now his body was the main focus point for his mind and he cared to think of nothing else. It was only now that he realized that this solitude was amazing. He stopped for a while to rest, turned off his flashlight, and stood in the blinding night all alone. There were noises, noises from the creatures of the dark, beautiful and interesting, one that brought him closer to nature, cleared away all the fear. It was like transcending into a different dimension of life altogether. It was one such nights where the moon was covered by the clouds so there was only complete darkness. While a normal person would have been scared to his wits by now, he felt free. A queer sensation of calmness and satsifaction started flowing in his body as if he had drank from the elixir of life. Even though he cannot see anything, he could still form an image of the surroundings in his mind based on the different noises flowing in the still air, painting it with colors that didn’t make any sense.

The morning arrived but not John. Everyone started packing because the trip has been ruined. No one said a word to each other. They were either scared or angry at the turn of events, a trip that is supposed to be refreshing has turned out to be stressfull. It didn’t mattered to them anymore and they all returned home.
When somone says there is always someone in this world who will love you unconditionally, (to be continued...)  

DAY 2 ()
NOTE: All characters are fictional. Please don't compare with any real person. 
